Don’t downgrade your dream just to fit your reality, upgrade your conviction to match your destiny.
You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem and smarter than you think.
You are confined only by the walls you build yourself.
The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others
You attract what you are, not what you want. If you want great, then be great.
It’s not who you are that holds you behind, it’s who you think your are not.
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and think of what could go right.
You should never regret anything in life. If it’s good, it’s wonderful. If it’s bad, it is experience.
Falling down is an accident, staying down is a choice.
If you have the power to make someone happy, do it. The world needs more of that.
Always believe that something wonderful is about to happen.
Don’t be afraid to give up the good and go for great.
Remember that life’s greatest lessons are usually learned from worst times and from the worst mistakes.
Don’t talk, just act. Don’t say, just show. Don’t promise, just prove.
Never stop doing great just because someone doesn’t give you credit.
Discipline is doing what needs to be done, even if you don’t want to.
Work while they sleep. Learn while they party. Save while they spend. Live like they dream.
The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire, not things we fear.
Never apologize for having high standards, people who really want to be in your life will rise to meet them.
If it doesn’t challenge you, it won’t change you.
Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it, time will pass anyway.
Don’t fear failure. Fear being in the exact same place next year as you are today.
A hill is just another opportunity to leave your competition behind.
Don’t quit. You’re already in pain. You’re already hurt. Get a reward from it.
Hustle until you no longer need to introduce yourself.
You didn’t come this far only to come this far.
Be selective in your battles for sometimes peace is better than being right.
28 If we keep doing what we are doing, we’re going to keep getting what we’re getting.
You will never know your limits until you push yourself to them.
Do what you have to do until you can do what you want to do.
The man on top of the mountain didn’t fall there.
If your dreams don’t scare you, they are not big enough.
If you can’t handle stress, you won’t manage success.
Don’t be pushed by your problems, be led by your dreams.
Don’t mistake silence for weakness. Smart people don’t plan big moves out loud.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Obsessed is the word the lazy use to describe dedicated.
You become who you spend your time with.
Be stubborn about your goals and flexible about your methods.
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard.
If you don’t build your dreams, someone else will hire you to build theirs.
Between stimulus and response is our greatest power –the freedom to choose.
What comes easy won’t last, what lasts won’t come easy.
Don’t limit your challenges, challenge your limits.
Work until your idols become your rivals.
Formal education will make you a living. Self-education will make you a fortune.
I create new enemies every day, it’s called business.
When you have a Million Dollar vision, don’t surround yourself with 1 cent minds.
You can’t get rich thinking poor.
Doing what is comfortable is rarely profitable.
If you can count your money, work harder.